He Lin Chusheng used tens of billions
The project promises Zhuo Yanran to be a child
even
He Zhu Xu, a childhood sweetheart, is a toddler
I'm not surprised by any of this.
I had no idea.
Mom, in order to beat his news
Since you can use the eldest sister to do the beauty trick
also right
Even my own son can hurt
Not to mention you, the adopted daughter next door
What you want
You must get it within five days.
I hope you can keep your promise.
Don't worry.
I'm not Lin Chusheng's useless thing
You will not lose a penny of your share dividends.
In addition, you will always have a place in the family council
The bizarre car accident in which my father died
I suspected something was wrong.
That poisonous woman
Wait until I get the evidence
How to completely clean the diamond
Mom is still waiting for me to go back and deliver the goods.
What do you want me to say?
Nalan Long Song Mansion is willing to cooperate with me
The reason why I know that the project will be approved by the governor
Even in the middle
Dali support
Fair enough.
The land in Dongshan will be included in the development plan of the new city
This is all because I have a great person behind me
Hahaha
Isn't that what Mom wants to hear?
Bypass this skill
The old woman must give up power
Exactly as I expected
only
Does the expert behind this have no clue at all?
Lin Fan was very cautious
I tried many things.
It's useless
This thing can't be done well
What's the use of raising you?
The soft underbelly of the project
Died by that villain
All I see now is concessions
Okay, this project has another 5 days.
Everything planned in the early stage
You can ignore the regular
By then, things will be a boat
I can take it all back
Secretary Zhu informs you that where
Tell him to come to my office right away